This branch has been merged in the trunk on Sat Jan 31 03:35:46 CET 2004.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------



What have been done during September:

	- Merge of CERN development into the GNU trunk version:
		a user can easily ask for membership to a group. 

	- A common codebase for all the trackers: 
		The bug tracker interface and code is now used by the
		others trackers.

	- Possibility to reassign an item (bug / task / patch / support)
		over different projects or trackers.
	
	- Mail notification per category of item (bug / task / patch /
		 support).

	- Top-menu configuration per group:
		Projects admins can modify the links of the top-menu
		(if the site admins allow that). For CERN it is a 
		good way to permit groups to change the viewcvs url.

	- Members permission model more subtle:
		When a member is added to a project, no permission are
		set in the database.
		The permissions given to the user are the default
		member permission defined for the group.
		If the group did not defined default permission, the
		system use the group type default permission.
		It follows a simple scheme: there are 3 level of
		configuration, per user, per group, per group type.
		If the user configuration is undefined, we use the 
		group one. If the group configuration is undefined,
		we use the group type one.

	- Members permission model more clear:
		The confusion between project 'administration' and
		tracker administration must come to an end.
		Trackers admins are now renamed 'trackers manager',
		as they only can manage items (assign a bug to someone
		for instance), they are not able to configure the
		tracker.
		To reflect that, every management link are no longer
		in "admin" subdirectories.

	- Watcher possibility moved to user area:
		A user can have a copy of the notification of someone
		else for the project. This possibility was hidden in
		the bug tracker admin area.
		Now it is in the user /my.

	- Database cleanup and restructuring:
		Unused and useless table has been removed from the
		database.
		New tables has been added, required by the new 
		features introduced.

	- Code cleanup:
		Unused and useless function has been removed. 
		Numerous minor bugs has been fixed. Part of the 
		code has been rearranged (Group.class and Project.class
		are now mixed in one common file ; group membership
		related function has been moved from user.php to
		member.php)

	- Cosmetics cleanup:
		Uniformization of the design. Too many changes to
		mention them.

	- Content cleanup:
		Separation of different kind of project configuration.
		For instance selecting which features a project use is
		no longer done in the same page where you update
		information about the group.

	- More secure authentication:
		Unless a user asked not to be logged with SSL each
		time he use the web interface, he will automatically
		directed to https. Useful for user coming from an
		http:// link in a mail.
		However, the initial comparison database->session_hash
		/ cookie->session_hash is still not made via https.
		(is there something possible to do against that?)

	 



		

	
